Master, here I come
This guy is finally here
There's no hurry. What's he doing here?
What a chaotic day.
This is not the trash that Xiyue was unblocked from.
When did you fall into the freesia gate?
Little brother
Little Junior Brother is out of customs
Hahaha, Wuji, this kid came just right?
Hmph, Canopy Sword Sect, don't be too proud
My little junior brother is out of customs
You just wait to lose
Just him
A waste that has not been able to break through the second grade in three years
Disciple, this is what you once said for me
The member who was divorced from Xinyu by Lingxiao Sect
Master
This is the Ye Rujie I told you about
At that time, Xiyue divorced her marriage
Leng Qiuhua was also present
Sect Master, this business bureau has just entered the palace
How to participate in two major cauldron productions
University
Tiewu Qi
Why are you making trouble with little junior sister?
You have just entered winter
Even that round of disciples
How can he represent Zongwen to participate in the two Great Cauldron systems?
The flag sword is speechless
You don't want to die
Little Junior Brother, why can't he play?
He is so strong
I think your Skywolf Sect is really a giant of Qianling
Since the hope
Pin on this divorced trash
It's really a great blessing in the world
Imperial Palace Master Lin Xiyue owes me
I will go to Yunxiaodong to ask for it
It's not your turn to worry here
I'm here today.
Only one purpose
Is to defeat the Canopy Sword Sect
Everybody.